Activeness probes (#5666)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/backend/templates/v2/activeness_probe.txt

Hi {{ user.name }}!

> It's been a while since you logged in to Couchers.org, and we just wanted to check if you are still actively hosting surfers?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We noticed you haven't logged in for a while and wanted to check if you're still open to hosting surfers. To keep your "Can Host" status, please log back in within the next 14 days. Otherwise, we'll change your hosting status to "Can't Host."
```

<{{ app_link }}>

> These hosting check-ins help us keep track of who is still open to hosting which helps surfers find hosts easier, and helps us figure out how quickly you respond to requests!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These check-ins help surfers find active hosts more easily and keep response times accurate.
```
